.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2004, 2012 International Business Machines
.\"
.\" Note:
.\"     This man page is moved from powerpc-util package to here.
.\"	Author : Michael Strosaker <strosake@us.ibm.com>
.\"	Updates: Vasant Hegde <hegdevasant@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
.\"
.TH USYSATTN 8 "Dec 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Service Tools"
.SH NAME
usysattn, usysfault \- operate system attention and fault indicators
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB/usr/sbin/usysattn \fR[\fB-l \fI<location_code>\fR [\fB-s normal\fR] [\fB-t\fR]] [\fB-V\fR] [\fB-h\fR]
\fB/usr/sbin/usysfault \fR[\fB-l \fI<location_code>\fR [\fB-s normal\fR] [\fB-t\fR]] [\fB-V\fR] [\fB-h\fR]
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
The \fIusysattn\fR utility is used to view and manipulate the system attention
and fault indicators (LEDs) on IBM Power Systems servers. The first location code
displayed by \fIusysattn\fR is system attention indicator and rest of the location
codes are fault indicators. These indicators are turned on automatically when a
serviceable event is received. These identifiers are specified by location code.

.P
When run without arguments, \fIusysattn\fR will print a list of all the
fault indicators on the system along with their current status (on or off).
The \fB\-l\fR option can be used to specify a particular indicator. If
\fB\-l\fR is the only argument, the status of that indicator will be
printed.  If \fB\-s\fR \fInormal\fR is specified along with the \fB\-l\fR
argument, the indicator will be turned off.

.P
.B NOTE:
Ensure that there are no outstanding service actions to be taken on this
system before turning off the system attention indicator.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-l \fIlocation_code
Specify the location code of the indicator.
.TP
.B \-s normal
Must be used with the \fB\-l\fR option; turns the specified indicator off.
.TP
.B \-t
Truncate the location code if necessary. If an indicator is not available at
the specified location, this option will continuously trim the last clause off
of the location code in an attempt to find an indicator near the device.
.TP
.B \-V
Display the version of the command and exit.
.TP
.B \-h
Print the usage message and exit.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lp_diag (8),
.BR usysident (8)
