.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2004, 2012  International Business Machines
.\"
.\" Note:
.\"	This man page is moved from powerpc-util package to here.
.\"	Author : Michael Strosaker <strosake@us.ibm.com>
.\"	Updates: Vasant Hegde <hegdevasant@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
.\"
.TH USYSIDENT 8 "Dec 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Service Tools"
.SH NAME
usysident \- operate device identification indicators
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB/usr/sbin/usysident \fR[\fB-l \fI<location_code>\fR [\fB-s normal\fR|\fBidentify\fR] [\fB-t\fR]]
\fB/usr/sbin/usysident \fR[\fB-d \fI<dev_name>\fR [\fB-s normal\fR|\fBidentify\fR] [\fB-t\fR]]
\fB/usr/sbin/usysident \fR[\fB-V\fR]
\fB/usr/sbin/usysident \fR[\fB-h\fR]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
The \fIusysident\fR utility is used to view and manipulate the indicators
(LEDs) that identify certain devices on IBM Power Systems servers. These
identifiers are specified by location code; location codes can be retrieved
by running lscfg.

.P
When run without arguments, \fIusysident\fR will print a list of all of the
identification indicators on the system along with their current status (on
or off). The \fB\-l\fR or \fB\-d\fR options can be used to specify a
particular indicator, by location code or logical device name respectively.
If \fB\-l\fR or \fB\-d\fR is the only argument, the status of that indicator
will be printed. If the \fB\-s\fR argument is specified in addition, the
indicator may be turned on or off.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-l \fIlocation_code
Specify the location code of the indicator.
.TP
\fB\-d \fIdev_name
Specify the name of the device to be identified (e.g. eth0, sda).
.TP
\fB\-s \fR{\fBnormal\fR|\fBidentify\fR}
Must be used with the \fB\-l\fR or \fB\-d\fR option; \fB\-s normal\fR will
turn the indicator off, while \fB\-s identify\fR will turn the indicator on.
.TP
.B \-t
Truncate the location code if necessary. If an indicator is not available at
the specified location, this option will continuously trim the last clause off
of the location code in an attempt to find an indicator near the device.
.TP
.B \-V
Display the version of the command and exit.
.TP
.B \-h
Print the usage message and exit.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lp_diag (8),
.BR usysattn (8),
.BR lscfg (8)
