.TH RTAS_ERRD 8 2020-05-09 Linux ppc64-diag
.SH NAME
rtas_errd \- Daemon to handle the platform error(s)/event(s)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-config=\fRCONFIG_FILE]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-debug\fR]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-debug\fR [[\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-file=\fRTEST_FILE]|[\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-scenario=\fRSCENARIO_FILE]]]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-e\fR|\fB\-\-epowfile=\fREPOW_FILE]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-\-logfile=\fRLOG_FILE]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-msgsfile=\fRMSG_FILE]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-platformfile=\fRPLATFORM_FILE]
\fBrtas_errd \fR[\fB\-R\fR|\fB\-\-nodrmgr\fR]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
\fIrtas_errd\fR is a daemon that runs on pSeries platform and handles platform
generated events/errors. It gets platform generated events via procfs. It parses
events and takes appropriate actions like extracting platform dumps, calling
\fBdrmgr\fR for hotplug events, etc. It also provides automated responses for
urgent events such as environmental conditions, predictive failures, etc.
Additionally it converts the events to human readable format and logs to
\fIservicelog\fR database so that system administrator can view these events and
take appropriate actions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fI\,CONFIG_FILE\/\fR
Path to config file (default: \fI\,/etc/ppc64\-diag/ppc64\-diag.config\/\fP).
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Don't daemonize, used for debugging.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-file=\fRTEST_FILE
The test file contains the sample PEL event that can to be proccessed by
rtas_errd daemon.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-epowfile\fR=\fI\,EPOW_FILE\/\fR
Path to EPOW status file (default: \fI\,/var/log/epow_status\/\fP). By default
we use this path to store EPOW status, which is used by "rc.powerfail" script
to check the EPOW status.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Help (this message).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-logfile\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Path to rtas_errd debug log file (default: \fI\,/var/log/rtas_errd.log\/\fP).
By default we log event to this file.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-msgsfile\fR=\fI\,MSG_FILE\/\fR
Path to syslog. Used to read any PEL events that exists in syslog (It happens
when we enable RTAS debug flag in kernel).
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-platformfile\fR=\fI\,PLATFORM_FILE\/\fR
Path to platform log (default: \fI\,/var/log/platform\/\fP). By default we log
hex output with some description to this file.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-scenario=\fRSCENARIO_FILE
Scenario file contains list of files that contains PEL logs.
.TP
\fB\-R\fR, \fB\-\-nodrmgr\fR
No drmgr. Do not call \fBdrmgr\fR command to perform hotplug operations.
