.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2012 IBM Corporation
.\"
.TH ENCL_LED 8 "July 2012" Linux "PowerLinux Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
encl_led - turn SCSI enclosure fault/identify indicators on/off
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBencl_led\fR \fIsettings\fR [\fB\-v\fR] \fIenclosure\fR [\fIcomponent\fR]
\fBencl_led \-l\fR [\fB\-v\fR] \fIenclosure\fR [\fIcomponent\fR]
\fBencl_led \-V\fR
\fBencl_led \-h\fR
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B encl_led
command turns on or off the fault/identify indicator(s) for the specified
component in the specified SCSI enclosure or for the enclosure itself
if no component is specified. The
.B \-l
option lists the setting of the specified indicator or for each indicator
in the enclosure if no component is specified.
.P
An
.I enclosure
is specified by its
.BI sg n
device name or by its location code.
.P
A
.I component
(for example, a power supply, fan assembly, connector, or controller)
is identified by its location code relative to the enclosure.
For example, if an enclosure has a location code of
U5888.001.G123789,
and one of its fan assemblies has a full location code of
U5888.001.G123789-P1-C2-A1,
then on the
.B encl_led
command line, the fan assembly would be specified as P1-C2-A1.
.P
Some LEDs have independent fault and identify settings;
that is, a single LED may be in fault mode and identify mode at the same time
(in which case both the fault setting and the identify setting bubble up
to the enclosure, which may have separate fault and identify LEDs).
So
.B encl_led
reports the fault and identify settings separately, and enables you
to turn the fault and identify settings on and off independently.
.P
.B encl_led
currently supports a limited number of enclosure types
and reports an error if asked to diagnose an unrecognized type.
Some components' LED(s) may not be accessible to Linux.
.P
.B NOTE:
Ensure that there are no outstanding service actions to be taken on the
specified SCSI enclosure before turning off the enclosure fault indicator.
.SH OPTIONS
The
.I settings
options are
.BR \-f
and
.BR \-i .
.TP
\fB\-f on|off\fR or \fB\-\-fault=on|off\fR
Turn the indicator's fault setting on or off.
.TP
\fB\-i on|off\fR or \fB\-\-ident=on|off\fR
Turn the indicator's identify setting on or off.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR or \fB\-\-list\fR
Report the indicator setting(s) of the enclosure's component(s).
.TP
\fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Produce more verbose output.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR or \fB\-\-version\fR
Display the version of the command and exit.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR or \fB\-\-help\fR
Print a usage message and exit.
