.\"
.\" (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2010
.\"
.TH EXPLAIN_SYSLOG 8 "March 2010" Linux "Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
explain_syslog - explain syslog messages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B explain_syslog
[
.B \-b
.I begin_time
] [
.B \-e
.I end_time
]
.br
[
.B \-m
.I message_file
|
.B \-M
] [
.B \-C
.I catalog_dir
] [
.B \-h
] [
.B \-d
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B explain_syslog
command reads the specified message file (defaults to stdin),
which should be in the format produced by the
.B syslogd
daemon.
For each line that matches a message documented in the message catalog,
.B explain_syslog
prints an explanation, including probable cause and recommended action.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fP \fIbegin_time\fP
Ignore messages with timestamps prior to
.IR begin_time .
See "Timestamps."
.TP
\fB\-C\fP \fIcatalog_dir\fP
Use the message catalog in
.IR catalog_dir .
The default is
.IR /etc/ppc64-diag/message_catalog .
.TP
\fB\-d\fP
Print debugging output on stderr.
.TP
\fB\-e\fP \fIend_time\fP
Ignore messages with timestamps after
.IR end_time .
See "Timestamps."
.TP
\fB\-h\fP
Print help text and exit.
.TP
\fB\-m\fP \fImessage_file\fP
Read syslog messages from the specified file instead of stdin.
.TP
\fB\-M\fP
Read syslog messages from
.IR /var/log/messages .
.SH TIMESTAMPS
The following timestamp formats are recognized by
.BR explain_syslog :
.br
.I month
.I day
[
.I year
] [\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., Feb 12 2010 14:30
.br
.I month
.I day
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP] [
.I year
]
.br
.I day
.I month
[
.I year
] [\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., 12 Feb 14:30
.br
.I day
.I month
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP] [
.I year
]
.br
\fIyear\fP-\fImonth\fP-\fIday\fP
[\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., 2010-2-12 14:30:00
.P
If no year is specified,
.B explain_syslog
assumes that the timestamp is from the prior 12 months.  If no
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP
is specified,
.B explain_syslog
assumes 00:00:00.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jim Keniston (jkenisto@us.ibm.com).
Conversion of format strings to regular expressions
(for matching syslog messages to catalog entries)
written by Jesse Larrew (jlarrew@us.ibm.com).
.SH FILES
.I /etc/ppc64-diag/message_catalog/*
\(em message catalog
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR syslog_to_servicelog (8),
.IR syslog (3)
