.\"
.\" (C) Copyright IBM Corporation 2010
.\"
.TH SYSLOG_TO_SVCLOG 8 "March 2010" Linux "Diagnostic Tools"
.SH NAME
syslog_to_svclog - log syslog messages to servicelog
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B syslog_to_svclog
[
.B \-b
.I begin_time
] [
.B \-e
.I end_time
|
.B \-F
]
.br
[
.B \-m
.I message_file
|
.B \-M
] [
.B \-C
.I catalog_dir
] [
.B \-h
] [
.B \-d
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B syslog_to_svclog
command reads the specified message file (defaults to stdin),
which should be in the format produced by the
.B syslogd
daemon.
For each line that matches a message documented in the message catalog,
.B syslog_to_svclog
logs an event to the
.B servicelog
database, as appropriate.
Typically,
.B syslog_to_svclog
logs only warning and error messages to
.BR servicelog ,
not debug or informational messages.
.P
When
.I /var/log/messages
is the message file,
.B syslog_to_svclog
maintains a little "last-message" file that contains a copy of the
last line read from
.I /var/log/messages
that matched a message from the message catalog.
When a subsequent instance of
.B syslog_to_svclog
begins reading from
.IR /var/log/messages ,
and no
.B \-b
option is specified,
.B syslog_to_svclog
begins with the next message after the one in the "last message" file.
The intent is to avoid logging the same event to
.B servicelog
multiple times.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-b\fP \fIbegin_time\fP
Ignore messages with timestamps prior to
.IR begin_time .
See "Timestamps."
.TP
\fB\-C\fP \fIcatalog_dir\fP
Use the message catalog in
.IR catalog_dir .
The default is
.IR /etc/ppc64-diag/message_catalog .
.TP
\fB\-d\fP
Print debugging output on stderr.
.TP
\fB\-e\fP \fIend_time\fP
Ignore messages with timestamps after
.IR end_time .
See "Timestamps."
.TP
\fB\-F\fP
Do not terminate upon reaching the end of the message file.
Continue watching for, and processing, new messages as they arrive,
as with "\fBtail \-F\fP".
To terminate
.BR syslog_to_svclog ,
send it a termination signal, as with CTRL-C.
.TP
\fB\-h\fP
Print help text and exit.
.TP
\fB\-m\fP \fImessage_file\fP
Read syslog messages from the specified file instead of stdin.
.TP
\fB\-M\fP
Read syslog messages from
.IR /var/log/messages .
.B \-M
implies
.BR \-F .
.SH TIMESTAMPS
The following timestamp formats are recognized by
.BR syslog_to_svclog :
.br
.I month
.I day
[
.I year
] [\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., Feb 12 2010 14:30
.br
.I month
.I day
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP] [
.I year
]
.br
.I day
.I month
[
.I year
] [\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., 12 Feb 14:30
.br
.I day
.I month
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP] [
.I year
]
.br
\fIyear\fP-\fImonth\fP-\fIday\fP
[\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP[:\fIss\fP]]
\(em e.g., 2010-2-12 14:30:00
.P
If no year is specified,
.B syslog_to_svclog
assumes that the timestamp is from the prior 12 months.  If no
\fIhh\fP:\fImm\fP
is specified,
.B syslog_to_svclog
assumes 00:00:00.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jim Keniston (jkenisto@us.ibm.com).
Conversion of format strings to regular expressions
(for matching syslog messages to catalog entries)
written by Jesse Larrew (jlarrew@us.ibm.com).
.SH FILES
.I /etc/ppc64-diag/message_catalog/*
\(em message catalog
.br
.I /var/log/ppc64-diag/last_syslog_event
\(em last message matched from /var/log/messages
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR explain_syslog (8),
.IR servicelog (8),
.IR syslog (3)
